hi everyone fell from fetish technology
what I have here is my iphone six-plus
and I've got the iPhone 6 plus silicone
case this is the official OM case from
Apple directly and I'm going to do a
little unboxing I'm gonna do a preview
so I have opened it up before but that's
the back contents if you want to see and
I do have the product red color so this
is kind of the limited quote-unquote
Edition piece from Apple and we'll open
that up and you can see it's got the
like a flat type of feel to it so it's a
little different feel it's not the the
typical silicone when you think of
silicone when you think of silicone you
think of that jelly type case but it's
not a jelly type case it's like a flat
matte type of feel to it and on the
inside it does have that really nice
padded material on the inside so it
doesn't scratch your phone so a really
really nice quality feel to it and we'll
take my six plus and I usually just push
the tops in first push it up align it
and then I just plump the bottoms down
so very very easy fitment for this case
and I'll try and get out of the
reflection here but you can see right
there so it does wrap around the the
front a little bit all kind of do this
so you guys can see gives a slight lip
to it and it of course it does have the
exposure for your switch on the side the
volume controls are very easy to press
and on the back so you can see it does
have just the opening for the camera and
if you can see it does have that little
Apple logo kind of indented into the
case right there and other than that
it's a very very solid feel you can see
my other video on the OEM leather case
for this phone and it's kind of a
personal preference this is about ten
dollars cheaper than the leather case
that you can get for it and it's exactly
the same fitment so it's kind of a your
choice and kind of what you like and
what you
want to feel like you probably just go
to Apple directly and just kind of they
do have doubt most of these cases you
can put them on you can feel them
personally like it but I still love my
leather case and despite the fact that I
purchased one I'm going to probably
continue to use my original leather case
for my 6 and my 6 plus so any questions
or comments please leave them below and
I'll see you guys on my next video thank
you bye bye